Adds a question to FUNCTIONAL REACTIVE PROGRAMMING (Interview) (#279)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Interview/questions.md

### FUNCTIONAL REACTIVE PROGRAMMING
 1. Are you familiar with `Reactive Programming`?
 1. What's the basic design pattern behind `Reactive Programming`?

>  1. What's an `Observable` (in RxSwift) or `Signal` and `SignalProducer` (in ReactiveSwift)?

Author: ```suggestion
 1. What's the `Observable` (in RxSwift) or `Signal` and `SignalProducer` (in ReactiveSwift) or `Publisher` (in Combine)?
```
